what is good guys it's your boy dpj now
today I bring you yet another flappy
bird hack this is probably the best one
I've seen so far this one is a Angry
Birds cross for a lappy bird mud pretty
badass look sick not sure I haven't
really played it yet so much for my
son's what I've nowhere near that it you
can swim what look I'll get better than
that touchable if you go to watch this
thinking well why suppose your puppy
bird videos now you can't get up a good
no more yes you can get like a better
posted two videos and how you can get it
and they're on my channel possible
within the last week so check them out
if you want flappy bird and your Android
or Apple iPhone and it isn't available
in the App Store these ways of getting
it back having a job open phone for the
visit numerous times on a fucking roll
here can I beat on top scorer 53 my
second gold is flappy bird fucking space
bastard what these corn again have you
been mud shit Oh nearly yes Pete my tux
Korpiklaani on our back 57 still look at
that unlock oh my don't like that
version that little fast birthday man
his fucking hair gets in the way it's
the pipe
damn not against which character you've
probably heard mistake is unbeliev eous
my videos fuck you but only way you can
get these Hector versions I know I've on
an iphone is if you get your device jail
book and me personally I would never
have an iphone if you can't jailbreak
them it because it just so limited
veghel book but I wouldn't recommend any
you guys doing it because you can fuck
up your phone do any and if you don't
know what you're doing I mean it's free
easy points a pretty simple process I
mean I believe from day one and every
iphone ipad I've done at my iPad because
I don't need to oh yes switch back to a
decent character but it's definitely in
my opinion worth doing but if you can
get somebody's experience to do it
that's what I would do I mean it gives
you cydia the best individual app that's
everything on an ipod it just makes your
phone free you can do all sorts of shit
with shit man I'll shit with the house
all that bullshit fuck that shit visit
any other oh damn was it lagging now
what's going on what the hell happened
there it's at my phone that's that mud
oh yeah I think it's because i could
bullshit Fink let's see if that fixes up
now yeah buck said it was any other um
iphone game you want to see me play with
cord alive fuck you let me know damn
line a comment section awful if you
could help Matt have a like I'd
appreciate it
d square s square this head flipping man
I think it's gonna be my last car and
the best version of this I've had is
probably there probably see tomorrow
what I think that was the best this
one's all capable the sounds is still
the same so super mayor one wish I
posted on my channel its just oh man
probably the best one the Drake wanna
dip went to belly bag also done a Miley
Cyrus one she's shocky this goes for all
these videos can be found on my channel
i will make a flock of birds live
gameplay play shit list and i'll link it
in the video description but that's it
guys hope you enjoyed the video if you
do put a light but it will just help out
thanks for watching as always in peace
out till next time
you